Authors of this paper present a method to automate and optimise the design of soft pneumatic actuators. The basic idea is to include the FEA simulation in the loop of Gaussian mixture model based optimisation by changing the parameters of a design. The distance based metrics are then employed as objective functions to determine the optimised results, which are able to realise different shapes of curves as the design purpose. Basically, this is an interesting work but I have some concerns about the original technical contribution and the verifications etc. Details are given below. 

First of all, data-driven design optimization of soft pneumatic actuators is not new in robotics. There are quite a few earlier researches have covered this topic. The most closest method of SPA optimization is:
"Optimizing out-of-plane stiffness for soft grippers", IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, 2022.
The major difference is that this submission include the FEA simulation in the loop of the optimization, which may provide a chance to fine-tune the design in the later phase of optimization. 
However, the Bayesian optimization based tuning of a design is also a widely used approach. For example, the following work for generating an optimized structure by simulation or even physical fabrication.
"Superlative mechanical energy absorbing efficiency discovered through self-driving lab-human partnership", Nature Communications, 2024.
Therefore, in this sense, the novelty in the methodology of this paper is trivial. 

Secondly, the design objective is not well defined at the beginning of the paper. The in-plane bending and out-of-plane twisting is not well defined. How are you able to generate the target shape is unclear to me as well. Is there any particular soft robotics application related to this? I am not sure how the curves in Fig.4, which is wrongly called "trajectory", are generated as target shapes. Are you able to realise any curves? How are the errors between the target shape and the optimized SPA? The quantitative analysis is needed.

Lastly, there is no physical verification on the results of optimization. Only the results in simulation are given, it is unclear if the optimised SPA can be manufactured. Is there any gap between the simulation and the reality? I would miss a side-by-side comparison of the optimised SPA and the non-optimised SPA in both simulation and physical experiments.